# Python Documentation

# QR Code Generator

This is a simple Python script for a console application that generates QR codes.

## Description

The script takes user input for the data to be encoded into the QR code and the filename to save the generated QR code image. It then generates a QR code with the provided data and saves it as a .png file with the given filename.

## Libraries Used

- **qrcode**: This library is used to generate QR codes. It provides a QRCode class to which we can add data and then use to generate an image of the QR code.

## Installation

To run this script, you need to have Python installed on your system. If you don't have Python installed, you can download it from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

You also need to have the `qrcode` library installed. You can install it using pip:

```bash
pip install qrcode[pil]
```

## Usage

To run the script, navigate to the directory containing the script in your terminal and type:

```bash
python qr_code_generator.py
```

You will then be prompted to enter the data for the QR code and the filename (with .png extension) to save the QR code image. After you provide these inputs, the QR code will be generated and saved as a .png file in the same directory.

## Example

```bash
Enter the data for the QR code: Hello, World!
Enter the filename (with .png extension): hello_world.png
QR Code generated successfully!
```

This will generate a QR code encoding the string "Hello, World!" and save it as "hello_world.png".

---

# C# Documentation

# QR Code Generator in C#

This is a simple console application written in C# that generates a QR code from user input.

## Script Explanation

The script prompts the user to enter a text, which is then used to generate a QR code. The generated QR code is saved as a PNG image named "QRCode.png".

## Libraries Used

### System

The System namespace contains fundamental classes and base classes that define commonly-used value and reference data types, events and event handlers, interfaces, attributes, and processing exceptions.

### QRCoder

QRCoder is a simple library, written in C#.NET, which enables you to create QR codes. It hasn't any dependencies to other libraries and is available as .NET Framework and .NET Core PCL version on NuGet.

### System.Drawing

The System.Drawing namespace provides access to GDI+ basic graphics functionality. More advanced functionality is provided in the System.Drawing.Drawing2D, System.Drawing.Imaging, and System.Drawing.Text namespaces. The classes in the System.Drawing namespace are designed for use with Windows Forms and to a lesser extent, ASP.NET. 

## Code Snippet

```csharp
using System;
using QRCoder;
using System.Drawing;

class Program
{
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Enter the text to generate QR Code:");
        string qrText = Console.ReadLine();
        QRCodeGenerator qrGenerator = new QRCodeGenerator();
        QRCodeData qrCodeData = qrGenerator.CreateQrCode(qrText, QRCodeGenerator.ECCLevel.Q);
        QRCode qrCode = new QRCode(qrCodeData);
        Bitmap qrCodeImage = qrCode.GetGraphic(20);
        qrCodeImage.Save("QRCode.png", System.Drawing.Imaging.ImageFormat.Png);
        Console.WriteLine("QR Code generated and saved as QRCode.png");
    }
}
```

## Installation

This code requires the QRCoder library. You can install it via NuGet package manager in Visual Studio.

---

# Java Documentation

# Java QR Code Generator

This is a simple Java console application that generates a QR code from a user-inputted text and saves it as a PNG image file at a specified location.

## Script Description

The script prompts the user to enter a text to be encoded into a QR code and a file path to save the generated QR code. It then generates a QR code image with the specified text and saves it at the given file path.

## Imported Libraries

The script uses the following libraries:

1. **com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat**: This library is part of the ZXing ("Zebra Crossing") barcode image processing library. The BarcodeFormat class within it is used to specify the barcode format to be used, which in this case is a QR code.

2. **com.google.zxing.WriterException**: This exception is thrown when an error occurs while encoding the barcode via the ZXing library.

3. **com.google.zxing.common.BitMatrix**: This class is part of the ZXing library and represents a 2D matrix of bits, which is used to generate the QR code image.

4. **com.google.zxing.qrcode.QRCodeWriter**: This class is part of the ZXing library and is used to encode the user-inputted text into a QR code.

5. **com.google.zxing.client.j2se.MatrixToImageWriter**: This class is part of the ZXing library and is used to convert the BitMatrix generated by the QRCodeWriter into an image file.

6. **java.nio.file.FileSystems**: This class is part of the Java NIO (New Input/Output) package and is used to get the default FileSystem, which is then used to convert the user-inputted file path string into a Path object.

7. **java.nio.file.Path**: This interface is part of the Java NIO package and represents a location in a file system.

8. **java.util.Scanner**: This class is part of the Java utility package and is used to read the user-inputted text and file path from the console.

Please note that the ZXing library is not included in the standard Java library and needs to be imported into your project separately.

---
